Improve documentation for the TLS  section of the provider connection. (#5437)
containous/traefik: docs/content/providers/marathon.md

#### `tls.ca`

> Certificate Authority used for the connection to the connection to Marathon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certificate Authority used for the secured connection to Marathon.
```

#### `tls.caOptional`

> The policy followed by the server for TLS Client Authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policy followed for the secured connection to Marathon with TLS Client Authentication.
```

> Only used if `tls.ca` is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires `tls.ca` to be defined.
```

#### `tls.cert`

> Public certificate used for the connection to Marathon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public certificate used for the secured connection to Marathon.
```

#### `tls.key`

> Private certificate used for the connection to Marathon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private certificate used for the secured connection to Marathon.
```

#### `tls.insecureSkipVerify`

> If `insecureSkipVerify` is `true`, TLS for the connection to Marathon accepts any certificate presented by the server and any host name in that certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policy for certificate verification for the secured connection to Marathon.

If `insecureSkipVerify` is `true`, Traefik accepts any certificate presented by Marathon and any host name in that certificate.
```

Author: It's not related to Traefik, but to Marathon

Reviewer: yes, this is the intent of my suggestion? Sounds like it doesn' t work: let's keep the original sentence then.
